BONUS CHALLENGE FORM
--------------------

For each bonus challenge you have implemented, please replace the sentence "We are not entitled to this bonus."
with a short description of:

1. How it was implemented in your code
2. Where it was used (in which class methods).
3. How you tested that it is working correctly.

--------------------

1. Fully supporting all configuration fields and avoiding the use of magic numbers

1.
We switched all magic numbers to static final numbers in Table class


--------------------

2. Terminating all threads (that you created) gracefully and in reverse order to the order they were created in.

1.in Dealer terminate function we first called the player terminate function, and in player terminate function we first called the AI terminate
3.We tested it threw the LOGS

--------------------

3. Handling the config.turnTimeoutMillis value as follows:
config.turnTimeoutMillis < 0: display nothing.
config.turnTimeoutMillis = 0: display a timer since the last action (reshuffle or set collected).
Note: in modes without a countdown timer the dealer must ensure there is always at least one legal set on the table.

We are not entitled to this bonus.

--------------------

4. Making sure that the threads do not wake up unless some actual job needs to be done (e.g., a value needs to be
changed on the display, key input needs to be handled, etc.) and the only threads created by you are:
1 thread per player + 1 additional thread for non-human players.

1.player thread is sleeping until there was a point or penalty
    Ai thread press until it has 3 tokens on the screen and then go to sleep until he can press again(after point or penalty)

2. run of both player and AI
point, penalty,setFlag

3. we tested that after 3 tokens of the ai it prints that it go to sleep, same for the player until point or penalty and than we could see that the AI presses 3 times , go to sleep, gets point or penalty, and so on.
(We checked it and removed the tests from the code)
